MIT License (Modified — No Derivatives)

Copyright (c) 2025 Ryō

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to use
the Software for personal, academic, or commercial purposes, subject to the
following conditions:

1. **Modification or Derivative Works Prohibited.**  
   The Software **shall not** be modified, translated, reconfigured, or used
   to produce derivative works without the express prior written permission
   of the copyright holder (Ryō).

2. **Redistribution Allowed (Unmodified).**  
   You may redistribute the Software **only in unmodified form**, including
   this license, under the same terms.

3. **Attribution Required.**  
   Any redistribution must retain the above copyright notice, this permission
   notice, and the below disclaimer.

4. **No Trademark or Branding Rights.**  
   This license does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks,
   service marks, or product names of the Author, except as required for
   reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Software.

5. **No Other Rights Granted.**  
   Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by the copyright holder.

---

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 RyoSpiralArchitect

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
